Start
Get number X
If X less than zero Then 
Print “negative”
Otherwise X grater than zero Then
Print “positive”
Otherwise
Print “zero”
End
—————————————
Start 
Get age
If age Grater than 65 OR equals 65 Then
Print “Eligible for senior discount”
Else
Print “Not eligible for senior discount”
End
———————————

Decompose the development of a fitness tracking app that can track users' workouts, monitor their diet, and provide health insights.
Instructions:
	1	Define the main goal of the application.
	⁃	Have fitness tracking app to help user keep his phisical form.
	2	Use the top-down approach to break down the app into its major features.
	⁃	Track workouts
	⁃	Monitor diet
	⁃	Provide health insights
	3	Further decompose each feature into smaller, manageable tasks.
	⁃	Track workouts
	⁃	Create workout plan
	⁃	Control if user follow the plan (done, skipped)
	⁃	Monitor diet
	⁃	Create diet plan
	⁃	Control if user follow the plan
	⁃	Provide health insights
	⁃	Create health insights knowledge base
	⁃	Show tips about health, fitness, diet
	⁃	Show statistics about progress based workout and diet
	5	Identify opportunities for modularisation.
	⁃	Module1: WorkoutService
	⁃	Module2: DietService
	⁃	Module3: HealthInsightService
——————

Decompose the creation of an online learning platform that supports course creation, user enrolment, content delivery, and progress tracking.
Instructions:
	1	Define the main goal of the platform.
	⁃	Create learning platform (course creation, user enrolment, content delivery, and progress tracking).
	2	Use the top-down approach to break down the platform into its major features.
	⁃	Course management
	⁃	User management
	⁃	Content management
	⁃	Progress tracking
	3	Further decompose each feature into smaller, manageable tasks.
	⁃	Course management
	⁃	Creation, updating, deleting courses
	⁃	Creation, updating , deleting lessons
	⁃	Creation, updating , deleting exams (checks)
	⁃	View available courses (filtering, searching)
	⁃	User management
	⁃	Registration
	⁃	Enrolment to/out course
	⁃	Content management
	⁃	Manage videos
	⁃	Manage presentations
	⁃	Manage lectures
	⁃	Progress tracking
	⁃	Track progress
	⁃	Send notifications
	4	Identify opportunities for modularization.
	⁃	Course Manager
	⁃	User Manager
	⁃	Content Manager
	⁃	Progress Tracker
—————————
Decompose the development of a project management tool that includes task tracking, team collaboration, and reporting features. Decide which approach (top-down or bottom-up) is more suitable and explain why.
	1.	Goal: have a tool that helps manage project (control tasks and human resources)
	2.	Main components
	⁃	Task board
	⁃	Team Manager
	⁃	Collaboration
	⁃	Reporting
	4.	Here’s used top-down approach because problem is well known and requirements are clear.

————————
Decompose the creation of an online health monitoring system that tracks physical activity, sleep, and heart rate. Decide which approach (top-down or bottom-up) is more suitable and explain why.
	1.	Main components
	⁃	Activity Tracker
	⁃	Sleep Tracker
	⁃	Hart rate tracker
	2.	Use here bottom-up approach because we does not understand requierments (who is the user, which functions should be included).
———————
	1	Define the problem clearly.
	⁃	Calulate total mark based on  marks from Math, Science and English
	2	Identify the key processes involved in solving the problem.
	⁃	Get mark for Math, Science, English
	⁃	Calculate total as a sum of marks
	⁃	Print text “Total is: X”
	3	Write pseudocode based on the identified processes.
	⁃	Get mark for Math
	⁃	Get mark for Science
	⁃	Get mark for English
	⁃	Calc total = Math + Science + English
	⁃	Print “Total is {total}”
———————
	1	Define the problem clearly.
	⁃	Take name of user and greets him “Hello Name”
	2	Identify the key processes involved in solving the problem.
	⁃	Get user name
	⁃	Greets user “Hello {name}”
	3	Write pseudocode based on the identified processes.
	⁃	Get user name
	⁃	Print “Hello, {name}!”
———————————

	1	Define the problem clearly.
	⁃	Get products from different markets (smoked ribs, potato, smoked salmon, white bread)
	2	Identify the key processes involved in solving the problem.
	⁃	Get potato
	⁃	Get smoked ribs
	⁃	Get smoked salmon
	⁃	Get white bread
	3	Write pseudocode based on the identified processes.
	⁃	Goto Frat and get smoked ribs
	⁃	Goto Zabka and get white bread
	⁃	Got to home and leave products there
	⁃	Goto Hala Mirowska and get potato/smoked salmon
	⁃	Return back home
———————————
